Point people to the OTLP Datadog Agent feature (#10943)
DataDog/integrations-core: otel/README.md

## Overview

> OpenTelemetry is a vendor-agnostic standard for telemetry data. Datadog supports ingesting OpenTelemetry data through the OpenTelemetry Collector and the Datadog Agent (experimental). This tile documents how to export data to Datadog through the OpenTelemetry Collector. Check [our public documentation][7] for further information on the Datadog Agent support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenTelemetry is a vendor-agnostic standard for telemetry data. Datadog supports ingesting OpenTelemetry data through the OpenTelemetry Collector and the Datadog Agent (experimental). This tile documents how to export data to Datadog through the OpenTelemetry Collector. See [Datadog's OpenTelemetry collector][7] for further information on the Datadog Agent support.
```

Follow the [OpenTelemetry Collector documentation][1] to install the `opentelemetry-collector-contrib` distribution, or any other distribution that includes the Datadog exporter.

> The Datadog Agent is **not** needed to export telemetry data to Datadog in this setup. Check [our public documentation][7] if you want to use the Datadog Agent instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Agent is **not** needed to export telemetry data to Datadog in this setup. See [Datadog's OpenTelemetry collector][7] if you want to use the Datadog Agent instead.
```

In general, we avoid using the word "documentation" in links. Instead, we use the title of the link target or a description. I tried to come up with a good description of the target page, but please change it if it is incorrect or misleading.

Author: II think the name Product has chosen is "OTLP ingest in the Datadog Agent". What do you think about
```suggestion
The Datadog Agent is **not** needed to export telemetry data to Datadog in this setup. Check [OTLP Ingest in Datadog Agent][7] if you want to use the Datadog Agent instead.
```
instead?

[4]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/master/receiver/hostmetricsreceiver
[5]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/opentelemetry/metadata.csv
[6]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

> [7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/setup_overview/open_standards/#datadog-agent-otlp-ingestion-support

Reviewer: Can you check this link? I don't see the `datadog-agent-otlp-ingestion-support` anchor on the page.
